Add method-to-model section to Haiku migration guide (#3277)
google/flax: docs/guides/haiku_migration_guide.rst

                  kernel: (5, 64, 64),
              },
          },
      })

> Raw Haiku functions vs Flax modules

Reviewer: Maybe "top-level" is a better description for what we are trying to express here? I think in practice in Haiku people only code the "main module" as a function, submodules are proper `hk.Module`s.

```suggestion
Top-level Haiku functions vs top-level Flax modules
```

----------------------

> In Haiku, `hk.Module` is not required, and writing a forward function to be passed into `hk.transform` is enough. In this process, people use raw `hk.<get|set>_<parameter|state>` functions to access model data and states.

Reviewer: Here is a suggestion for the wording 😅:
```suggestion
In Haiku, it is possible to write the entire model as a single function by using ``hk.{get,set}_{parameter,state}`` to define/access model parameters and states. It very common to write the top-level "Module" as a function instead:
```
If you prefer the current wording, you do need to fix the "inline code" syntax which in .rst is using double back tick: "\`\`"

> In Haiku, `hk.Module` is not required, and writing a forward function to be passed into `hk.transform` is enough. In this process, people use raw `hk.<get|set>_<parameter|state>` functions to access model data and states.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion (as discussed with @IvyZX):

```suggestion
In Haiku, using `hk.Module` is not required - you can just write a forward function and pass it into `hk.transform`. Inside the transformed function, you would typically use the "raw" `hk.<get|set>_<parameter|state>` functions to access model data and states.
```

> Flax recommends a more module-centric approach that uses `__call__` to define the forward function. The corresponding accessor will be `nn.module.param` and `nn.module.variable` (see section [Handling State](#handling-state) for explantaion on collections).

Reviewer: Fix link from markdown to rst
```suggestion
Flax recommends a more module-centric approach that uses `__call__` to define the forward function. The corresponding accessor will be `nn.module.param` and `nn.module.variable` (see section `Handling State <#handling-state>`__ for explantaion on collections).
```

> Flax recommends a more module-centric approach that uses `__call__` to define the forward function. The corresponding accessor will be `nn.module.param` and `nn.module.variable` (see section [Handling State](#handling-state) for explantaion on collections).

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:

```suggestion
The Flax team recommends a more Module-centric approach that uses `__call__` to define the forward function. The corresponding accessor will be `nn.module.param` and `nn.module.variable` (go to [Handling State](#handling-state) for an explanation on collections).
```
